so hello everyone my name is Bob and my
present my project called the claims
which stands for distributed invertible
planks so a little bit about myself
first I am student at thank you I'm not
pursuing my masters and deployments is
my thesis project so first let's
understand what credible phunkfist
anyone to your specification that it's
being worked on by a VC working group
and the goal is to find a way to make
statements about some entities and those
seconds are verifiable so a significant
vehicle application achievements for
instance a university that keeps the
degree and signs that diploma with its
private key or you can be like the
government issuing a statement that says
that you are over 18 so when you're
going to some place that means to check
for your age you will need to show that
you are over 18 they don't need to know
your age exactly
you just need to know that check it's
true or false so that's the motivation
behind this week as technology moves for
the more business more businesses or to
the Internet becomes more than or
necessary to make claims that can be
verified instantaneously by any other
person so as I said before the
properties of verifiable finances
verifiable meaning that anyone can take
employment on its veracity authenticity
integrity etc all that stuff there were
local meaning that sanctity that issued
and can report and letter so for
instance technique we use in our diploma
but 10 years later somehow they find out
that I cheated on all my exams
hopefully they won't find out
we should be able to revoke my
certificates it makes just makes little
sense and should be portable as well so
if technique ceases to exist tomorrow I
should be able to take control that
plane may take it add 20 employer to to
show it declines this projects or a
system that takes verifiable claims the
schema that I would receive defines and
implements it and you're completely
distributed and trustless manner
so essentially what the claims allows
you to do is to make it plain right now
so you can make the claim you can send
the end to fire up that plane to anyone
else and that person can verify that
plane and why is this decentralized how
do we achieve this so planes are stored
on ipfs you might have heard about it
which is way bigger that's a distributed
file system and it gives us permanent
links so the link of the plane will
never be broken and it's always the same
and if the plan changes the link changes
as well so it automatically gives you a
verification of integrity also we are
using a period which forgive you who
don't know it's like world computer
that's runs on the blockchain
and provides a useful time stamping
surface a bowl of I'm ascending service
service on again so pretty much anyone
can agree on the order of events which
the funds are published and on top of
the clients you can't very much build
any of any of the Kishin you wants that
needs to store verifiable plans now
motivated by recent events we decided to
use the plans to create a system to
mitigate fake news what we do is provide
a way for to Freud way for humans to
make claims about news articles and then
other people can take the clients that's
doesn't those people made but the claims
need not to be admitted to people in
here and it can be like I said in the
previous like as much because on top of
an AI system that did I expect news and
issues claims about this and it can use
new plans as well so
okay so exactly so the application
that's where the claim sits right
it's a browser extension that you can
install on Chrome or Firefox and that
allows you to interact with pretty much
any news websites to make in the tree
place so the way this is worth another
like super high level at Annette subject
okay
that's going Ellis for each to claim
which has an ID which is one two three
and the content is just hello world now
that claim would then be stored on IVFs
so I'd be a mess with in return d multi
- which is the identifier of an F on
those objects certain IGFs and then the
clients takes that identifiers and
stores it on an imperial smarts contract
which like a program that turns on a
theorem it's pretty much like a server
only it's super decentralized then if
given returns the transaction
confirmation which allows you to Chris
for events that block is actually
transactional in confirms so that you're
playing okay so if you open the Sky News
website for instance just reload
what the system does first I mean the
browser extension hyper certs
is it generates all the required
elements to interact with the deployment
platform so in this case it generates
the button where you can view claims
made about that news article and it
generates that's for every news article
out there now as you can see for
instance in this news article here
already when I had a minute I'm and
right now the information that shows is
super ugly essentially it shows the news
cycle the user that made a claim which
is my etherium wallet ID and the
category like I said that the new that's
what's fake news for some reason now the
way that the browser extension interacts
with the curium is it you
nanomask which is a browser extension
that provides a gateway for the
eutherian blockchain and with many maps
we can connect to your l note or you can
connect one of their notes it's pretty
much up to you and also allows to assign
the messages so let's say we want to
issue a claim about well let's take the
tests you okay
so once this page is loaded hyper starts
inserts this button here which has a
wrong title right now
not our certs declaim sorry my person s
was like the name we had the week before
so I'm getting used to it life ever
state again already another problem so
you can't come here and confess this
news article now this already into the
UI is terrible just give me a break
thirds so it already shows the double
what address that you selected your III
M accounts that you start that you can
select on Madame s then you can type
some stuff here what everyone's I think
I'm categorized that's news article
okay let's stream bodies for instance
the next step is minimize asks you to
sign this transaction and we're using a
new type of signature that Madame s
supports called typed signature which
actually shows every individual item
that you're signing so you're signing
with this very modest word pacifying
it's an extreme bias and the text that
you insert this is this one here that
assigns a message and then it asks for a
confirmation of the transaction now as
you can see here the prices for high but
we'll get to that later it's also with
all the cats running out on the theory
right now which reminds just shove the
price
so once you submit it it gives you the
transaction ID which you can check in
and use for everyone and if we go back
to the other page in about like a minute
or so the reduce unity here the network
is pretty slow right now and you can
keep on checking the status here but so
we don't sweets or nothing you're
wasting time just trust me I do little
behavior we can come back to that place
is it like super slow today
oh and this also works on other news
website so for instance if I open the
news websites of technique which is pure
technique pretty much the same all we
need to do is configure it small scripts
that says in which element is the news
title which is the HTML element and the
news article and extension just grasps
onto that website well before attending
a news website you should give it
information to work with that website so
in this case I had to create an object
that is the technical object that tells
us so this is a domain for technique so
when you see this menu of these elements
and news titles are this HTML elements
and news articles like the HTML element
in which elements on which news articles
are nested in is this one so guys you
gotta tell them that stuff I mean there
are some open source solutions for news
of news websites parsers but I didn't
get around to just adapt one to the
other one so right now yeah you gotta
put in every website you want but you
could like crowdsource that so
eventually you get pretty much any news
website they're working okay so let me
see in the meantime if you want you
could do it like
oh yeah totally because actually yeah so
this year by the way I went I was trying
to so last night this only worked for
technical websites and from between wipe
last night and night I was trying to put
it on the CNN website but that upside is
terrible if you open the console is just
errors everywhere like without doing
anything it's just I was like and yeah
so just thinking like 15 seconds to load
my extension like no way so I just went
this guy use there's no one cares about
that one
so that's reasonable no going back to
this slides which are here cool
so a little overview of ups I just saw
so what works today with deep lenses you
can simply integrate into any news
websites you can great plans about any
news article you see effects and then
you can do the cleanse and other people
have made about that particle and all of
this works on idea fest and the features
the most important one is that it's
censorship resistance I mean essentially
what I feel very
but facebooking a centralized platform
it has its own initiatives we all know
so at any point in time they can just
answer your comments and no one else
will ever see it again so this is not
possible with the clients furthermore
can use websites and absolutely no
control over this being run on their
websites because it's very locally I
mean at most we could change the names
of the elements but it'll take the fight
to days which is to get the system up to
itself also it's secure so if you may
not be FS assure the integrity and
authenticity of all felt of all the
plans given most more precisely Imperium
sure the authenticity and EFS gives the
integrity because yes if the file
changes the app the link chains as well
and there's a single point of failure
it's like that's the default under the
super distributed system such as this
one you would have to pretty much
destroy all many ifs smells out there
and your own home the etherium knows out
there as well and pretty much the world
at that point
[Music]
so what to lurk in the next three months
which is my deadline to deliver my Ezz
so first of all we're going to introduce
what we call publishers I don't know if
you check the price when I may have
claimed it was about four dollars and
even experience was lower
I like at $250 which is way lower than
is today to be some like a dollar and
none of us would pay dollars to come in
something
too much so what publishers do is allows
for planes to be issued as a batch so
publisher is like the sidechain proxies
something that stands between your
computer and the network which listens
for claims about a given article and
when a certain article achieves the
thresholds let's say I'm going to wait
for alleged claims for this article then
you can batch all those cleansings one
and get the subjects and it should have
only really only one transaction so
you're splitting those for the lawyers
by hundreds or by the threshold then she
says okay you could just take all the
comments of everybody
oh yeah that's not reality that's true
the reason why we're not doing that at
least yet is because the on the smart
contract claims are indexed by the news
article so what you do essentially is
you generate the bridge article which
URL which is not very resilient can
definitely be improved but you get the
idea and then you fetched the smart
contract support okay give me all the
IDF s links for claims for this I need
this names article and so in June
but don't you say can't be that involved
for sure it's really it's really like
the database problem but I essentially
want to are going to be mixing megabyte
and right now just for the most recent
purposes I mean you could make like a
repository for all the clients and using
much better ways to make the claims for
short so publishers all along to reduce
the cost efficient you can even have
like a publisher system run these
repeatedly yeah I'm good through its
form where no sorry upon themselves to
be shippers forgiving particle so we
don't really need to centralized
Authority that you can just have like
some program that runs on the sugar your
network and then oh yes I like deep
lines and facebook like button you could
pretty much make a nice it once and
there will be no limits you would not be
congested need to be a network my
catsuit so and we also think about
reducing curators which are entities
that stake client already exists and
generate new claims so an example the
curator would be I would take all the
claims that I can find in the palms and
article that you just saw about the flu
and then I make a new claim that says
70% of the plant specify this has been
used there are 20% that say that this is
a good article and in there 10% it's a
whatever it has to be a new plan so you
could essentially subscribe to claims
made by curators because you would have
more information than single client side
oh and you can also with my reputation
system of of curators like focus or
something so creative organization
and so that would be weight higher any
algorithm you could then run to analyze
plans and display information obviously
like this information wars that are
going on these things which is all about
how ops and what armies can falsify full
stood by how many things to do so I know
the whole curation is looking about and
there's all these subsets they lost just
a black dart web website their abuses
well legitimate purchases of these
memory well as much contract essentially
like a server everything yeah that
anyone can use as long as they pay for
it so in this case it's true that anyone
can write claims into the contracts but
on the user signs in there easily you
have to create the white list saying
that issuers that you trust so you say I
want to trust a BNC and there's a claim
from D I'll never see that fight I mean
you can actually implement and
reputation above that obviously which is
a whole other world or you can just
trust the people that your friends trust
and if one of the people on the in your
right place ever screws up you can just
remove it from the list and that's case
closed
and I mean yeah and also there is the
obvious
barry of the costs but with all the
shirts it essentially becomes free to
create life so that would be a problem
but there's the wife lewis finger and
furthermore publishers have an interest
on not publishing like banks
they want to say so
which isn't like why everything to find
people using Bachchan's as well so even
there are your education system is only
three such ones there are some based on
a theory my cross name you've worked
exactly
you also have BTC R which is built on
top of Bitcoin so you have all these
tools that you can use to mitigate that
problem yeah so it's an open waste true
but you can choose what you want to see
I don't really care why are you using it
because it's more for kind of time
anything your smart contract that is
that has a site and runs over time and
use for like a static thing with the
indexing but isn't there any way to do
it more efficient so kind of indexing
mechanism of the top of ipfs I don't
know there are I think there are some
database one be chain that provides some
kind of indexing magnetic changing event
essentially the centralized point
failure because if it's the dictionary
or an IP address is to have sort of
their servers and solve each interview
words but furthermore like much what to
do in the future is put everything in
Imperium I mean you know I think it's
true ideally even when you wouldn't want
to do any competition yourself it thinks
before does they should go it will
become much cheaper and much more common
comment as to the competition
so you can loom there also it rings
really my thing to make it politically
distributed and trustless because if I
was going to choose to server somewhere
I could just use Facebook gives me the
same guarantees okay so that question is
really immutability question
you can totally think like I can ask to
point to the latest state of the
registry of all the tags that exists
then you can use TR disease to then make
sure that the step-index call SS
converges very quickly but you still
rely off stomach for structure to be
present and all times
that B can be confident about ours and
if you need something to be present
about virus and you have the world
together that's right and like being
verified and being checked right so you
use e3m to make sure that the index the
registry is always there and if you
always at this point of contact so
because I can find you that type in s
austerities I'm still I would still to
rely in X amount of notes on my PFS to
fetch it there and if you want to be
absolutely I almost beat your proof do
you want that something that never
subscribed
questions about so I get that the pump
using publishers is a solution to having
people not have to pay that transaction
fees for making claims but like what do
you feel about the confirmation bias
from people say like trusting a certain
publisher and trusting their friends and
I mean that like seems like basically
the problem with beta news that's like a
great question it's one that's where my
money's which is like that will exist so
right now I think if you like the best
proof of such a might be super simple
proof of something and if you believe
before almost like everyone included
know so this is about allowing that to
people who actually want to know the
truth they have a good way of millions
people are actually interested in
learning and going over there - it's not
about show like this involves the mixing
people that pull the warning is reality
it's not the target audience at all
because those people will just say yeah
whatever you're lying
[Laughter]
so the goal here is if you actually want
to know we want to market and educate
yourself we're trying to lower the
difficulty what we're doing this hey
it was also another question right
physic there was the trust in the
publisher the publisher okay okay that's
that's a separate question so
essentially when you issue apply to the
publisher the publisher gives you
receipts like something that is just
signed one time stamps I receive this
claim it's the hash progressive sign
boom you got us you can also say
something like this should be issued
within the next hour you can the metrics
note along usual time and then like two
hours go by you want to hear you you
worried that that transaction I mean
that's block that claim that she makes
if you don't get it back you can
yourself make a client saying this issue
promise me to issue to this publisher
promise me tuition is fine but it didn't
so then you have a list of misbehaved
publishers and you would stop trusting
those publishers which is an optional
having facebook presence or
that's the golden so if you thought
about the receipt which is a good way to
do it then you don't need the Dutch
chain because you don't need to thanks
that main server
as long as you have the receipt from the
server so you put up some single point
of failure if you want it could be it
could be distributed on neck but became
even is something unfold because as long
as like as soon as you put your relation
between saying this is a good article
they have to send you a receipt right if
they don't send your receipt but if they
make your receipt and then they don't
count your votes you have ways to verify
that in the way they keep the result
they could give the result as I was
saying before like a rubber tree or any
any kind of treat that cache the country
and you can verify that your plane is
ready in there and if it's not then you
have your receipt so you can prove that
the publisher is in bad behavior mode so
you don't need to thank standing server
to the blockchain which is really thick
this is a previous game of baduk change
thanks something server but you don't
really need it because you have it
well so what you have in case of
curators you like to have the blockchain
for when their issue employees that were
dependent on other plants and using the
visor so - don't you suggest we're
looking a long chain essentially with
independent publishers columns then we
can be a way to circumvent this this
case publishers are an option if you're
an organization big big enough you can't
pay for your own plane - don't we need a
publisher for anything this is really
about special comments may contain the
Japan's failed as I mentioned and again
like I said ideally you want to override
publisher so you don't want to make it
economical you want to make you not to
create an economic incentive to make
claims and somehow be rewarded for that
and that's why you somehow be able to
play through influence all the time and
you wouldn't leave the publisher all
publisher is like an
optimization right now for scalability
continue today to make everyone loses
sorry oh that's not so
you have one person made King but who is
not right
which nation the smarts the way oh
there's the thing of authenticating the
issuer's why because right now if you do
that for free like into season as a
sender to make sure that someone is say
they are publishers that saying yeah
that's okay you to be centralized in the
public infrastructure there's no other
movement called really loves trust which
is it's essentially trying to make me
should be to find out we distributed on
top of this - okay so yeah you because
we people must using these services what
this money could use it right now if you
withstand the terrible user interface
also it's only deployed on the
Testaments but people don't maybe know
and that other users to contributing to
do too - absolutely stuff and if it
smells ready in you should have like
servers that were into flames because
the thing here is I make it like I close
my laptop no one else has the client
oils gonna choose the plan so you have
to find a way to single if I'm some
other server yeah so massive option is
required for this to work flawlessly
others look thinking clock train was
awaiting for messed up you just access
card which is an interesting question
because all these things they're
hypothetical there are all some things
that could really change well but you
know it's become mainstream few months
[Music]
Oh